FLIM NEWS --- history of major-changes.
Copyright (C) 1998 Free Software Foundation, Inc.

* Changes in FLIM 1.12

** Restructure of field decoding features

Introduce backend mechanism of field-decoder and
field-presentation-method to restructure field decoding features.

Field-decoder is registered into variable `mime-field-decoder-alist'.
Each decoding function uses decoding method found from variable
`mime-field-decoder-alist'.

New function `mime-set-field-decoder' is added to register field
decoding method.

New function `mime-find-field-presentation-method' is added to get
`field-presentation-method' object corresponding with specified
field-presentation-mode.  Field-presentation-mode must be `plain',
`wide', `summary' or `nov'.

New function `mime-find-field-decoder' is added to find field decoding
method corresponding with field-name and field-presentation-mode.
   
New function `mime-decode-field-body' is added.  It is general field
decoder.


** Function `mime-decode-header-in-buffer'

Renamed from `eword-decode-header'.  `eword-decode-header' is defined
as obsolete alias.


** New function `mime-decode-header-in-region'


* Changes in FLIM 1.11

** New function `mime-insert-text-content'

Add new generic function `mime-insert-text-content' and new mm-service
`insert-text-content'.


** `insert-decoded-header' -> `insert-header'

mm-service `insert-decoded-header' was renamed to `insert-header'.
Similarly generic function `mime-insert-decoded-header' was renamed to
`mime-insert-header'.  However `mime-insert-decoded-header' was left
as an obsolete alias.


** Behavior change of `mime-insert-header'

Each field-name of second and third argument of function
`mime-insert-header' can include `:'.


** Abolish variable `mime-temp-directory'

Now FLIM uses `temporary-file-directory' instead of
`mime-temp-directory'.  So environment variable "MIME_TMP_DIR" and
"TM_TMP_DIR" are not effective to specify temporary directory of FLIM.


** Add new function `eword-decode-and-unfold-unstructured-field'


** Add new mm-backend `generic'

Add new mm-backend `generic'.  mm-backend `buffer' inherits the
mm-backend `generic'.


** Change internal representation of `mime-entity' structure

Internal representation of `mime-entity' structure was changed to add
NOV entries.


** `mime-entity-*-internal' and `mime-entity-set-*-internal'

Change `mime-entity-*-internal' and `mime-entity-set-*-internal' to
macro.


Local variables:
mode: outline
paragraph-separate: "[ 	]*$"
end:
